pages/_includes/vhdir-careteam-intro.md, before:

This profile sets minimum expectations for searching for and fetching information associated with a care team. It identifies which core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets **SHALL** be present in the CareTeam resource when using this profile.

**Background & Scope**

A care team consists of the providers and/or organizations responsible for the care of a patient. It is defined not as a collection of individuals and organizations, but as a collection of roles; each member of a care team is represented through an associated role. Therefore, this profile removes references to practitioner and organization resources in `careTeam.member` and adds references to practitionerRole and organizationRole. For example, Dr. Smith (an individual) does not participate on a care team. Rather, Dr. Smith in his role as a provider at Acme Hospital participates on a care team.

A care team may be functionally "empty," i.e. the roles on the care team are not filled by individuals or organizations. For example, a care team may be comprised of a primary care provider, care coordinator, and specialist without indicating the individuals filling those roles. This enables entities to describe existing care teams while masking the identity of the individuals/organizations that are involved, or to represent standing care teams that are filled on an ad hoc basis in response to a condition/event.

This profile removes `careTeam.subject`, `careTeam.context`, `careTeam.reasonReference`, and references to patient and relatedPerson resources in `careTeam.member` because maintaining patient information is out of scope for this implementation guide. It also constrains the number of organizations responsible for managing a care team to one.


**Examples:**

The following are example uses for the vhdir-careteam profile:

-  [A cardiology care team at Founding Fathers Memorial Hospital](CareTeam-cardiologycareteam1.html)


**Mandatory Data Elements**

The following data-elements are mandatory (i.e data MUST be present). These are presented below in a simple human-readable explanation. The [**Formal Profile Definition**](#profile) below provides the  formal summary, definitions, and  terminology requirements.  

Each CareTeam must have:

1.  One status code in `careTeam.status`
1.  One type of care team in `careTeam.category`


**Profile specific implementation guidance:**

- TBD


**Extensions:**

1.  [Alias](StructureDefinition-careteam-alias.html) (0..*) - indicates alternate names by which the care team is known
1.  [Location](StructureDefinition-location-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the location resource, indicating the location(s) at which the care team operates or delivers services
1.  [Service](StructureDefinition-healthcareservice-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the healthcareService resource, indicating the services offered by the care team
1.  [Endpoint](StructureDefinition-endpoint-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the endpoint resource, indicating technical endpoints for the care team independent of its members, affiliated organizations, etc.


**Terminology**

TBD

Commit message:

Narrative updates, structure definition updates, error fixes

pages/_includes/vhdir-careteam-intro.md, after:

This profile sets minimum expectations for searching for and fetching information associated with a care team. It identifies which core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets **SHALL** be present in the CareTeam resource when using this profile.

**Background & Scope**

A care team consists of the providers and/or organizations responsible for the care of a patient. It is defined not as a collection of individuals and organizations, but as a collection of roles; each member of a care team is represented through an associated role. Therefore, this profile removes references to practitioner and organization resources in `careTeam.member` and adds references to practitionerRole and organizationRole. For example, Dr. Smith (an individual) does not participate on a care team. Rather, Dr. Smith in his role as a provider at Acme Hospital participates on a care team.

A care team may be functionally "empty," i.e. the roles on the care team are not filled by individuals or organizations. For example, a care team may be comprised of a primary care provider, care coordinator, and specialist without indicating the individuals filling those roles. This enables entities to describe existing care teams while masking the identity of the individuals/organizations that are involved, or to represent standing care teams that are filled on an ad hoc basis in response to a condition/event.

This profile modifies the base CareTeam resource in the following manner:

*  Constrains the cardinality of `careTeam.status` (1..1), `careTeam.category` (1..1), `careTeam.context` (0..0), `careTeam.subject` (0..0), `careTeam.onBehalfOf` (0..0), `careTeam.managingOrganization` (0..1), `careTeam.reasonReference` (0..0), `careTeam.telecom.system` (1..1), and `careTeam.telecom.value` (1..1)

*   Modifies the data type of careTeam.note.author (removes references to Patient and RelatedPerson resources)

*  Adds extensions:

1.  [Identifier status](StructureDefinition-identifier-status.html) (1..1) - indicates the status of a care team's identifier
1.  [Via intermediary](StructureDefinition-contactpoint-viaintermediary.html) (0..1) - a reference to an alternative point of contact for this care team
1.  [Available time](StructureDefinition-contactpoint-availabletime.html) (0..*) - indicates when a care team is available for contact
1.  [Alias](StructureDefinition-careteam-alias.html) (0..*) - indicates alternate names by which the care team is known
1.  [Location](StructureDefinition-location-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the location resource, indicating the location(s) at which the care team operates or delivers services
1.  [Service](StructureDefinition-healthcareservice-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the healthcareService resource, indicating the services offered by the care team
1.  [Endpoint](StructureDefinition-endpoint-reference.html) (0..*) - reference(s) to the endpoint resource, indicating technical endpoints for the care team independent of its members, affiliated organizations, etc.
1.  [Restriction](StructureDefinition-usage-restriction.html) (0..*) - indicates whether disclosure of any data associated with a care team is restricted

*  Adds new value sets/updates value set bindings:

TBD



**Examples:**

The following are example uses for the vhdir-careteam profile:

-  [A cardiology care team at Founding Fathers Memorial Hospital](CareTeam-cardiologycareteam1.html)


**Mandatory Data Elements**

The following data-elements are mandatory (i.e data MUST be present). These are presented below in a simple human-readable explanation. The [**Formal Profile Definition**](#profile) below provides the  formal summary, definitions, and  terminology requirements.  

Each CareTeam must have:

1.  One status code in `careTeam.status`
1.  One type of care team in `careTeam.category`


**Profile specific implementation guidance:**

- TBD
